Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.
A room without books is like a body without a soul.
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
A friend is someone who knows all about you and still loves you.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
It is our choices, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live.
Good friends, good books, and a sleepy conscience: this is the ideal life.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to reform (or pause and reflect).
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work.
A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water.
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages.
The man who does not read has no advantage over the man who cannot read.
If you don't stand for something you will fall for anything.
I may not have gone where I intended to go, but I think I have ended up where I needed to be.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Never put off till tomorrow what may be done day after tomorrow just as well.
A reader lives a thousand lives before he dies, said Jojen. The man who never reads lives only one.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.
I'm not upset that you lied to me, I'm upset that from now on I can't believe you.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Everything you can imagine is real.
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
We read to know we're not alone.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Logic will get you from A to Z; imagination will get you everywhere.
The truth is, everyone is going to hurt you. You just got to find the ones worth suffering for.
Folks are usually about as happy as they make their minds up to be.
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
There is no friend as loyal as a book.
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
Love is like the wind, you can't see it but you can feel it.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.
Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead.
Some infinities are bigger than other infinities.
Do one thing every day that scares you.
Time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time.
Not all those who wander are lost.
Things change. And friends leave. Life doesn't stop for anybody.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
The reason I talk to myself is because I’m the only one whose answers I accept.
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.
When someone loves you, the way they talk about you is different. You feel safe and comfortable.
There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and bleed.
And, when you want something, all the universe conspires in helping you to achieve it.
You don’t forget the face of the person who was your last hope.
′Classic′ - a book which people praise and don't read.
The marks humans leave are too often scars.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
Some day you will be old enough to start reading fairy tales again.
It’s no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then.
But better to get hurt by the truth than comforted with a lie.
The truth is rarely pure and never simple.
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.
Never tell the truth to people who are not worthy of it.
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom.
It's the possibility of having a dream come true that makes life interesting.
A day without laughter is a day wasted.
Only the very weak-minded refuse to be influenced by literature and poetry.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood.
I became insane, with long intervals of horrible sanity.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.
If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
Until I feared I would lose it, I never loved to read. One does not love breathing.
The truth will set you free, but first it will piss you off.
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent.
Creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.
I wish I could freeze this moment, right here, right now and live in it forever.
Life is an awful, ugly place to not have a best friend.
a man cries not because he's weak but because he has been strong for too long
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony.
They all end up leaving sooner or later.